# Author: 

background          = blue      default   
frame               = blue      default   bold
window_title        = cyan      default   bold
directory           = blue      default   
selected_directory  = yellow    default   
playlist            = blue      default   bold
selected_playlist   = magenta   default
file                = blue      default   bold
selected_file       = magenta   default
marked_file         = cyan      default   bold
marked_selected_file = yellow   blue     bold
info                = blue      default   bold
selected_info       = magenta   default bold
marked_info         = cyan      default   bold
marked_selected_info = yellow   blue   bold
status              = yellow   default   bold
title               = cyan     default   bold
state               = yellow      default   bold
current_time        = yellow   default   bold
time_left           = black     default   
total_time          = blue      default   dim
time_total_frames   = blue      default   bold
sound_parameters    = yellow   default   bold
legend              = blue      default   dim
disabled            = black     black
enabled             = cyan      default   dim
empty_mixer_bar     = green     default      
filled_mixer_bar    = black     green
empty_time_bar      = default   default   bold
filled_time_bar     = default   blue      dim
entry               = cyan      default   bold
entry_title         = magenta   default   bold
error               = red       default   bold
message             = cyan      default   bold
plist_time          = blue	    default	  bold
# plist_number        = blue      default   bold
